peeps and tuners industry-standard
been using them for years absolutely
love them at this level nothing else
comes course there's a lots of great
tuners all over the world I've seen them
all used most of them but the Petersons
was my favorite and I think this is the
third third incarnation of this this
type of tuner of years this one's the
orchestra bike 90 also has a little
stroke tuner here the struggle flip
which comes in handy for the you know
the odd gig here and there when we can't
we've got a packet all in a car and go
and you have to excuse the mess
currently in the studio so ready for
action we're currently in a place called
Olympic studios one of the most famous
in the world and believe in this room
people like the Rolling Stones the WHO
u2 in nearly every big band and artist
you've ever heard of has recorded at
some time or another and I think apart
from Abbey Road in London this is one of
the last big rooms you know big live
rooms and it's an amazing room you know
with baffles that moving the ceiling all
kind of reflective surfaces you can have
soft finish on the walls or you can turn
the walls to be all wooden haven't
really reflective it's a very very very
inspiring room for musicians to record
in we're currently doing a project in
here with Eric and a few of his friends
which may see the light of day which may
not I don't know I'm only a humble
guitar tech at the end of the day and
just do my thing take care of Eric and
pino palladino and Robbie Robertson
who's working with us just working on
one of Eric's tracks here's his main
stage strap painted in a secret color of
grey which I'm not allowed to reveal
this is the one we played on the last
world - April o6 - April oh seven I
believe and this is what he's using the
studio main guitar at the moment I'll be
restringing this tomorrow
of course
they're recording at the moment and this
is a very beautiful Madagascan rosewood
triple o 42 it's a prototype that they
say will become available to the public
at some point this is number one of
three prototypes and to my knowledge
it's the only sunburst one and the Sun
brush really sets off the the abalone
and mother-of-pearl Wynd binding and the
rows around the central assister
stunning looking guitar and Sanna guitar
as most Martin's are quite at the moment
we're using 57 reissue twin which is as
its cutting a title of self-explanatory
you know it's a reissue of the 1957 twin
as courses they could get it and he
seems to quite like those when we're in
here you know we'll try various things
you know just for different sounds you
know we have a little selection of
various bits and pieces still use an old
pig nose now and again or some old
Fender chants old Gibson am so ever
really comes to hand and does the job
and everything pretty much you know
comes back to my bench and and you know
when when Eric gets here in the morning
he you know you and I can know what I
want to use right away
you